Document AnimationNodeTimeSeek with clarified usage and code example (#4849)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/animation/animation_tree.rst

Seek
^^^^

This node can be used to cause a seek command to happen to any sub-children of the animation graph. Use this node type to play an ``Animation`` from the start or a certain playback position inside the ``AnimationNodeBlendTree``.

> After setting the time and changing the animation playback the seek node automatically goes into sleep mode on the next process frame by setting its ``seek_position`` value to ``-1.0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting the time and changing the animation playback, the seek node automatically goes into sleep mode on the next process frame by setting its ``seek_position`` value to ``-1.0``.
```

> .. tabs::
>  .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript
>     
>     # play child animation from start:
>     anim_tree.set("parameters/Seek/seek_position", 0.0)
>     # alternative
>     anim_tree["parameters/Seek/seek_position"] = 0.0
>     
>     # play child animation from 12 sec timestamp
>     anim_tree.set("parameters/Seek/seek_position", 12.0)
>     # alternative
>     anim_tree["parameters/Seek/seek_position"] = 12.0
> 
>  .. code-tab:: csharp
>     
>     // play child animation from start:
>     animTree.Set("parameters/Seek/seek_position", 0.0);
>     
>     // play child animation from 12 sec timestamp
>     animTree.Set("parameters/Seek/seek_position", 12.0);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tabs::
 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    # Play child animation from the start.
    anim_tree.set("parameters/Seek/seek_position", 0.0)
    # Alternative syntax (same result as above).
    anim_tree["parameters/Seek/seek_position"] = 0.0

    # Play child animation from 12 second timestamp.
    anim_tree.set("parameters/Seek/seek_position", 12.0)
    # Alternative syntax (same result as above).
    anim_tree["parameters/Seek/seek_position"] = 12.0

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    // Play child animation from the start.
    animTree.Set("parameters/Seek/seek_position", 0.0);

    // Play child animation from 12 second timestamp.
    animTree.Set("parameters/Seek/seek_position", 12.0);
```
